Sorry, I'll open it right away, open it right now!
Look into your eyes and take a good look at me,
Is she a real diva or fake?
Yes, really. Do you think you are the difficulty governor?
Then there is no way to go, and you can really guard the sky.
Give me the check-up governor's uniform immediately.
Arresting people related to Chen Yishan,
Can't let it go!
This old man!
Chicken, how are you? Mom didn’t lie to you, did she?
If you say you come in, you can go out immediately.
Mom, you are really awesome, right?
What else exploded?
Think of him as Mr. Dong Du
Went to find Lou Xue
I won’t do anything to Lou Xue. Hurry up?
Thought we were all dead
You will be disadvantageous to Lou Xue
I'm going to save him
Anyway, I’ll call you and chat for a while.
Then don't touch Louxue. Mr. Xue doesn't want it anymore.
he he continues
The father-in-law answered
You take care of this first
I'm going to find Lou Xue